[Music]
twenty-five edeka Truls every lady must
know in the age of gender equality some
may consider ladylike or gentlemanly
conduct old-fashioned snobbish or just
plain unnecessary but there are still
those of us who want to show
sophisticated and refined behavior so if
you feel that you're a real lady inside
but are just a bit confused by all the
intricacies of proper behavior don't
worry etiquette rules are quite simple
if you just give them a try and
incorporate them into your lifestyle
plus let's be honest no matter what
gender you are nobody wants to come off
as uncivilized or rude to others in this
video we'll tell you all about the rules
of ladylike behavior that are necessary
to know in order to be revered by those
around you and make your life more
comfortable and for the gentlemen out
there feeling left out you can learn
from some of these too when you have
guests if guests come to your home for
the first time show them where the
bathroom is so they can freshen up after
that you can invite them to join the
others if your guests bring food or
drinks put them out where everyone can
enjoy them when you are a guest bring a
small gift for the host it doesn't have
to be anything expensive try a bottle of
wine a box of cookies or perhaps
something for their vacation home or
hobby if you need to leave a party early
just ask the host for a moment in
private and tell them that you have to
go don't say goodbye to the other guests
as they might take it as a cue that it's
time to go in a restaurant if it's
really hot don't fan yourself with the
napkin or your hands just tell the
waiter that you're not getting enough
fresh air and ask him to turn the air
conditioner on don't lay out the
contents of your purse in any public
place like a restaurant your keys makeup
and phone aren't for public display also
don't put your phone out to check your
email or answer a text it'll send the
wrong message to your dining partners
that whatever you're doing on your phone
is more important than them
if you need to brush your hair do so in
the ladies room nobody wants to find a
hair on their plate or on the table
although this point evokes some
controversy most etiquette experts agree
that you can put on lipstick at the
table however there are some limits here
do it only if you're surrounded by
friends or relatives and you don't need
a mirror to do it as for mascara or
powder apply them in the bathroom only
communication rules
don't forget about etiquette rules at
home for instance it's rude to shout to
another person from a different room
besides you might get used to doing this
and it'll make guests feel uncomfortable
in a conversation pay close attention to
the other person's body language if you
feel there's oning out cut your
monologue short table manners it's rude
to refill just your own glass first ask
if the person sitting next to you would
like a refill don't take forever
choosing the best piece of food on the
serving plate take the nearest piece to
you you wouldn't want to give the
impression of being selfish and greedy
would you don't put a soup spoon on the
table during or after dinner
leave the spoon in the bowl so you won't
make the tablecloth dirty when holding a
cup of tea pinch the handle with your
index and middle fingers on one side and
your thumb on the other however you can
loop your fingers around the handle when
drinking coffee if a meal is supposed to
be informal
you can put your napkin on your lap
right after you sit down add a formal
event wait until the hostess unfolds the
napkin on her lap and only after this
can you do it yourself if you need to
leave the table for a moment place the
napkin on your chair after the meal is
over
set it down to the left of your plate
general rules remember when at work it's
not okay to lay out your makeup or put
your purse or hat on your desk find a
different place for that if you're on a
low sitting chair don't cross your legs
hold your knees together and lean them
to the side this is called the Duchess
slant you can however cross your legs at
the ankles also known as the Cambridge
cross even these sitting positions have
laid
Maine's public coat runes if the place
you're visiting doesn't have a coat
check
put your outerwear on the coat racks
inside it's okay to touch up your hair
in the coat room but you shouldn't do
makeup or brush your hair go to the
bathroom if you need to do something
like that sometimes it's okay for women
but not men to wear a coat inside but if
it's a heavy winter coat or a fur coat
it'll look weird and unrefined all
larger items should be left in the coat
check umbrellas huge bags briefcases if
there's not anything valuable inside the
only exception is a lady's purse car
etiquette when a lady gets into a car
she shouldn't step right into it she
should sit on the edge of the seat and
pull her legs into the car when getting
out of the car she should put her feet
outside the door and then stand up in
the 21st century it's no longer
necessary for a man to pick a lady up if
you have your own car you can meet
everyone else at the destination if
you're leaving in your own car your
gentleman caller aka boyfriend husband
or significant other can walk you to the
car and make sure you close the door
safely of course you can always offer to
give him a lift if he lives nearby men
and women can sit together in the back
of the car only if they know each other
well enough couples should be seated
together either as a pilot and co-pilot
or in the back seat in general there's a
sort of hierarchy the younger you are
the further back you sit elderly people
usually sit in the front unless they
prefer otherwise never touch the car
owners stereo this is the most important
rule of your in-car educate just don't
touch it unless you hear the magic words
you can choose the music if you want the
only things you can adjust as a
passenger are the position of your seat
and with permission the heater or air
conditioner or you can ask if it's okay
to roll the window down never smoke in
the car of another person the smell of
tobacco is very difficult if not
impossible to get rid of you shouldn't
even ask for permission to light a
cigarette
of course if the car owner doesn't smoke
themselves are there any other etiquette
rules you consider really important then
tell us about them in the comments
section share this video with the ladies
in your life or with the gentlemen why
not and remember to press the like
button if you'd like to follow these
rules of proper lady conduct click the
subscribe button to keep track of all
our new videos and see what else you can
find on the bright side of life
[Music]